Add support for building multiple backend simulators (#497)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: CMakeLists.txt

# Backend
set(PL_BACKEND "lightning_qubit" CACHE STRING "PennyLane Lightning backend")

> # Python bindings are not supported with building multiple backend devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Python bindings are not supported while building multiple backend devices
```

list(LENGTH PL_BACKEND PL_BACKEND_LEN)
if ((${PL_BACKEND_LEN} GREATER 1) AND ENABLE_PYTHON)

>     message(FATAL_ERROR "You cannot build ${PL_BACKEND} simulators with ENABLE_PYTHON")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "Lightning does not provide Python support for a multiple backends build.")
```

Author: Let's be clear about the value of `PL_BACKEND` here. What do you think of this suggestion?
```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "Lightning does not provide Python support for multiple backends build: ${PL_BACKEND}")
```

Reviewer: I agree. I think you should write like this, though.
```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "Lightning does not provide Python support for a multiple backends build. Required backends: ${PL_BACKEND}")
```

Reviewer: Sorry. `Requested backends:`
